[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: Let's imagine that
I have some utility called Fu, and
I'm not even going to
tell you what Fu does.
But Fu does some work and
it doesn't finish right away.
For example, there's a utility built
into JavaScript called setTimeout and
we can pass something to setTimeout,
which is a function.
And then we tell it how long we want
to wait before it runs that function.
So if I had declared a function called
bar that prints out Hello World.
>> Kyle Simpson: If I pass bar by name,
notice no parentheses there,
if I pass bar by name, this utility,
at some point later in the future,
1,000 milliseconds from now,
it's going to call that function.
And print this out.
So, everybody try this,
try typing that code into your console.
Let me copy it over and show you.
Let's try typing that
code in your console and
running it, and
what you'll see is that it waits for
a second, and
then it prints out Hello World.
>> Kyle Simpson: So essentially what I'm
doing is I'm passing a function by its
value.
I'm not calling the function,
I'm passing the function value.
Similar to how we returned
a function earlier,
this is one where we're passing it in.
Now this usage, passing a function as
a value, is often called callbacks.
Because I'm passing a function in that
at some point later in the future, and
I don't care when,
you're going to call back to my function.
Sometimes you're just going to
execute it like we're seeing here.
Sometimes you're going to call back and
you're going to pass me something.
So, an example of that is, let's imagine,
back here, that I have some utility
defined by a library called Ajax.
And what Ajax takes is two parameters.
So when I call it, I call Ajax, and
the first thing it expects is a URL.
But the second parameter that
it expects is a function.
Okay, now I'm going to name mine resp.
So if I declare what that function
looks like, function resp
is expecting some content
back from the Ajax request.
And I'm going to print it.
>> Kyle Simpson: So what's happening is,
I'm not calling resp,
there's no parentheses here.
I'm passing the resp in by reference,
by name, and
at some later point after
the Ajax request finishes and
it's got some content back,
it's going to call my function, and
pass that content in so
that I'm going to be able to print it.
>> Kyle Simpson: This isn't
directly related to closure, but
it's actually related to one of
the base principles of closure,
which is functions as first class values.
That is, functions are a value,
just like the number 42 is a value,
and the string Hello World is a value.
They're all just values, and we can pass
values all around wherever we want to and
we can return values wherever we want to.
There's nothing special about
a function that makes it more or
less capable as a value than
the number 42, does that make sense?
It's just a value that we can pass around.
So in this case, what we're saying is,
I don't have the response from that Ajax
request yet, if I did have the response,
if it was an immediate thing like if it
could happen right away, then I could just
say, var resp = ajax, I could just get it.
But because Ajax is not
a blocking network request,
it doesn't have the answer right away.
And the way we then wait for
that answer is to pass in a call back.
And that callback will get called back
at some later time with the answer that
we were looking for.
Asynchronous programming,
which is essentially this is us
dipping our toe into that pool.
Asynchronous programming is a
fantastically complex branch of JavaScript
programming, and there's tons and
tons of stuff out there about it.
Books that I've written and
many others have written.
So we're not going to go any further
than just understanding this concept
that if I pass a function in,
somebody can call it at a later time.